Add example admonition css to example build (#1284)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: test/examples/src/man/style.md

!!! myadmonition "My Admonition Class"

    In the HTML output, this admonition has `is-category-myadmonition` applied to it.
    Its style can be changed by adding styles to `.admonition-header` and `.admonition-body`
    in a custom css file and adding it to the build with, for example:

    ```julia
    makedocs(
        # ...
        format=Documenter.HTML(;
            #...
            assets=["assets/custom.css"]
        )
    )
    ```

>     [See here](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl/blob/master/test/examples/src/assets/custom.css)
>     for an example `custom.css` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [`test/examples/src/assets/custom.css`](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl/blob/master/test/examples/src/assets/custom.css)
    for an example of a custom CSS file.
```
